Do not emit Approval event when calling transferFrom (#4370)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/heavy-drinks-fail.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': major
---

> `ERC20` do not emit `Approval` event when `transferFrom` consumes part of the approval. With this change, allowances are no longer reconstructible from events. See the code for guidelines on how to re-enable this event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERC20` does not emit an `Approval` event when `transferFrom` consumes part of the approval. With this change, allowances are no longer reconstructible from events. See the code for guidelines on how to re-enable this event.
```
